Now let's create a few hyperlinks on the quotation document.
Let's format the web and email addresses to be hyperlinks.
To create hyperlinks,
you can use the hyperlink class. To obtain a hyperlink object,
call the CreationHelper's createHyperlink method.
You should pass in a HyperlinkType to obtain the required type of hyperlink.
Then you can set the address, create a style for the hyperlink,
then add the CellStyle and the hyperlink to the required cells.
Let's make the company web address and email addresses hyperlinks. So in the
addCompanyDetails method, let's create a cells tile for this hyperlink.
There are new font for the hyperlinks, set the fonts underline style and
color, and then set the font to the style.
Now you can use this style to format your hyperlink cells.
You can then get the web address cell, like this.
Create a hyperlink object. We want it to be a URL type link,
then set the address.
Let's just link it to the Apache POI website.
Then apply the hyperlink to the cell, and style the cell
with the hLink_style that you created. This code formats
the email cell as a hyperlink.
So notice the hyperlink type.
It's email and the link address is set to a mailto value, like this.
The hyperlink is set to the cell, and the same hLink_ style can be applied
to this cell as well. Run the application once again,
you can see the hyperlinks created on the two cells. When you click on them, they should work accordingly.